<h2>⚛️ Sell2</h2>
<hr/>

<h1>Sell2 </h1>

<p align="justify">Sell2 is a web platform that brings buyers and sellers of various items and properties together and the buyers can buy the 2nd hand products from sellers. For example, if a person wants to sell their bicycle, books, electronics items then they will post the advertisement with prices on Sell2. Interested users can buy that objects from them.</p> 

<p align="justify">This program has various advantages, including no limit on the number of individuals who can view the product. Because it's an online application, anyone with an internet connection can readily view the goods.</p>


<h2>👇 We are implementing features like:</h2>


<ul>
<li>Posting advertisement about a product.</li>
<br/>
<li>Viewing different kinds of products available on the platform to buy.</li>
<br/>
<li>Viewing own listed products which the logged-in user wants to sell on the website.</li>
<br/>
<li>Searching products on the website by search keyword, category, and other factors.</li>
<br/>
<li>Updating the user information such as name, phone number, email address, and others.</li>
<br/>
<li>Viewing user profile information.</li>
<br/>
<li>Viewing categories list available on the portal.</li>
<br/>
<li>Selecting and viewing more details about a particular product.</li>
<br/>
<li>Securely Sign up and log in to the system.</li>
<br/>
<li>Getting OTPs for different flows like forgetting a password, signing up, etc.</li>
<br/>
</ul>

<h2>🏄 How to run the project :</h2>
<hr/>

1. Pre-requisites
    <ul>
    <li> npm </li>
    <li> create-react-app</li>
    <li> node</li>
    <li> Browser</li>
    </ul>

2. Setting Up
    <ul>
    <li> Clone the project from github repo </li>
    <li>run the command npm install (It will install all the dependencies)</li>
    <li> Now in order to run the application run the command "npm start"</li>
    <li> It will run on http://localhost:3000</li>
    </ul>

3. In order to use the application a user must create an account using iitg mail id. 
    <ul>
    <li>Signup using iitg mail id and verify otp.</li>
    <li> Once the otp is verified user can login to the system and can access all the functionalities available in the system.</li>

<h2>Logout Functionality</h2>
<hr/>

<p>After clicking on the logout button user will be redirected to the login page.</p>



<h2>Image uploading funcitonality</h2>
<hr/>
    <ul>
    <li>If the logged in user wants to sell a product he can use the sell option. This api will save the image of the product specified by the user. The id of the product is automatically gets generated by the database.
    </li>
    </ul>
   
<h2>🦸 Team Members Details</h2>
<hr/>
<ul>
<li>Nirupama Agrahari (BackEnd + FrontEnd) Github: https://github.com/niru-0105 </li>
<li>Shashank Mishra (BackEnd + FrontEnd) Github: https://github.com/nkshash</li>
<li>Suvidnya Tipre (BackEnd + FrontEnd) Github: https://github.com/Suvidnya </li>
<li>Bijirgiri Basumatary (BackEnd + FrontEnd) Github: https://github.com/bijirgiriiitg</li>
</ul>

<br/>

<hr/>
